clarify dbt changes and craete overview page (#8419)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/03-upgrading-to-fusion.md

### A clean slate

> dbt Labs is committed to moving forward with Fusion, and it will not support any deprecated functionality (see the [Changes overview](/reference/commands/changes-overview/changes-overview) for details):

Author: ```suggestion
dbt Labs is committed to moving forward with Fusion, and it will not support any deprecated functionality (see the [Changes overview](/reference/changes-overview) for details):
```

- All [deprecation warnings](/reference/deprecations) must be resolved before upgrading to the new engine. This includes historic deprecations and [new ones as of dbt Core v1.10](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-v1.10#deprecation-warnings).

> - All [behavior change flags](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#behaviors) will be removed (the new behavior is always enabled). You can no longer opt out of them using `flags:` in your `dbt_project.yml`.

Author: ```suggestion
- All [behavior change flags](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#behaviors) will be removed (generally enabled). You can no longer opt out of them using `flags:` in your `dbt_project.yml`.
```

#### Deprecated flags

:::info What are "deprecated flags"?

Deprecated flags are command-line flags (like `--models`, `--print`) that you pass to dbt commands. These are being removed in Fusion.

This is different from:
- [Deprecation warnings](/reference/deprecations) &mdash; Features in your project code (models, YAML, macros) that need to be updated
- [Behavior change flags](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes) &mdash; Flags in `dbt_project.yml` that let you opt in/out of new behaviors

> See the [Changes overview](/reference/commands/changes-overview/changes-overview) for a full comparison.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [Changes overview](/reference/changes-overview) for a full comparison.
```
